com/sky/designpatterns/adapter/example1/PenAdaptor.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.adapter.example1.PenAdaptor
com/sky/designpatterns/classbuilderstaticmethod/Main.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.classbuilderstaticmethod.Main
com/sky/designpatterns/adapter/example2/Main.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.adapter.example2.Main
com/sky/designpatterns/adapter/example1/Pen.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.adapter.example1.Pen
com/sky/designpatterns/adapter/example2/DeviceAdaptor.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.adapter.example2.DeviceAdaptor
com/sky/designpatterns/strategy/PostRequestStrategy.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.strategy.PostRequestStrategy
com/sky/designpatterns/designfactory/Porsche.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.designfactory.Porsche
com/sky/designpatterns/adapter/example2/Phone.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.adapter.example2.Phone
com/sky/designpatterns/strategy/RequestStrategy.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.strategy.RequestStrategy
com/sky/designpatterns/designfactory/CarFactory.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.designfactory.CarFactory
com/sky/designpatterns/designfactory/Car.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.designfactory.Car
com/sky/designpatterns/designfactory/Ferrari.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.designfactory.Ferrari
com/sky/designpatterns/adapter/example2/FileDownloader.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.adapter.example2.FileDownloader
com/sky/designpatterns/adapter/example1/School.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.adapter.example1.School
com/sky/designpatterns/adapter/example1/BallPointPen.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.adapter.example1.BallPointPen
com/sky/designpatterns/classbuilderstaticmethod/MetricsDto.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.classbuilderstaticmethod.MetricsDto
com/sky/designpatterns/adapter/example1/AssignmentWork.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.adapter.example1.AssignmentWork
com/sky/designpatterns/strategy/GetRequestStrategy.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.strategy.GetRequestStrategy
com/sky/designpatterns/adapter/example2/Computer.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.adapter.example2.Computer
com/sky/designpatterns/singleton/Database.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.singleton.Database
com/sky/designpatterns/designfactory/Main.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.designfactory.Main
com/sky/designpatterns/strategy/DownstreamClient.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.strategy.DownstreamClient
com/sky/designpatterns/adapter/example2/File.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.adapter.example2.File
com/sky/designpatterns/strategy/StrategyBadExample.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.strategy.StrategyBadExample
com/sky/designpatterns/decorator/FailoverSender.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.decorator.FailoverSender
com/sky/designpatterns/decorator/Sender.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.decorator.Sender
com/sky/designpatterns/decorator/SimpleSender.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.decorator.SimpleSender
com/sky/designpatterns/state/OrderedState.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.state.OrderedState
com/sky/designpatterns/decorator/KafkaSender.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.decorator.KafkaSender
com/sky/designpatterns/strategy/Main.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.strategy.Main
com/sky/designpatterns/state/PackageState.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.state.PackageState
com/sky/designpatterns/decorator/SocialMediaSender.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.decorator.SocialMediaSender
com/sky/designpatterns/decorator/bad_example/SimpleAndSocialMediaSender.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.decorator.bad_example.SimpleAndSocialMediaSender
com/sky/designpatterns/decorator/bad_example/FailoverAndSocialMediaSender.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.decorator.bad_example.FailoverAndSocialMediaSender
com/sky/designpatterns/state/Package.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.state.Package
com/sky/designpatterns/decorator/bad_example/FailoverAndSimpleSender.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.decorator.bad_example.FailoverAndSimpleSender
com/sky/designpatterns/state/DeliveredState.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.state.DeliveredState
com/sky/designpatterns/state/ReceivedState.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.state.ReceivedState
com/sky/designpatterns/state/RunnerClass.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.state.RunnerClass
com/sky/designpatterns/state/bad_example/Main.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.state.bad_example.Main
com/sky/designpatterns/state/bad_example/Package.java
 com.sky.designpatterns.state.bad_example.Package
